Explicitly permit CT/permission entanglement within encodings (#795)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/riscv-unpriv-integration.adoc

extensions will specify how software expresses this authority
for types not defined above.

Capability encodings may also make the set of <<sec_cap_type>> values
that may be used to seal a particular capability
depend on the the permissions granted by that capability.
For example, it can be a useful space optimization to differentiate
the <<sec_cap_type>> values
with which capabilities granting <<x_perm>> may be sealed from those
with which capabilities not granting <<x_perm>> may be sealed.
(The <<app_cap_description>> does not avail itself of this option,

> but, for example, the CHERIoT capability encoding does.)

Reviewer: I am finding it a bit difficult to parse this sentence.

I believe the intent 1) is that the architectural capability type can be different depending on combination of granted permissions and the raw capability type field and 2) when you seal a capability the output can depend on the permissions of the input: E.g. YSENTRY on a cap with x permission gives a "code sentry" and without x permission you get a "sealed data cap"?

I guess we need a "Fixes: https://github.com/riscv/riscv-cheri/issues/64" in the commit message?

> Capability encodings may also make the set of <<sec_cap_type>> values
> that may be used to seal a particular capability
> depend on the the permissions granted by that capability.
> For example, it can be a useful space optimization to differentiate
> the <<sec_cap_type>> values
> with which capabilities granting <<x_perm>> may be sealed from those
> with which capabilities not granting <<x_perm>> may be sealed.
> (The <<app_cap_description>> does not avail itself of this option,
> but, for example, the CHERIoT capability encoding does.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Capability encodings may also make the set of resulting <<sec_cap_type>> values
depend on the the permissions granted by the input capability.
For example, it can be a useful encoding space optimization to differentiate
the <<sec_cap_type>> values for capabilities granting <<x_perm>> from those not granting <<x_perm>> -- the <<x_perm>> in the capability encoding effectively adds an additional bit to the <<sec_cap_type>> field.
NOTE: The <<app_cap_description>> does not make use of this optimization,
but, for example, the CHERIoT capability encoding does.
```

Maybe something like this? I hope I didn't change the meaning?
